so hot on youtube this is a
new dose files and tutorials and this
it feels where to show in my garden
well this abbot boils many what
they knew and many of us did not know
good austria is an assistant that you
help you manage your going to through the
voice receive command you can interact
can you serve web page you can search
information and much more good I know what
I want to show because it was created by jet
are your channel is called to hit
bilderberg the description if you like
that you can subscribe to your channel and if
liked you can also subscribe to my
channel so that we see estero good video
aragua continue with a beast and now
and he helps me 50 percent of what
what do I do on my pc as I said I can see
webpages when you read the text can
configure the soul I can create
reminders and much more
let's try garden as it interacts
how can you interact with travel power
read your facebook notifications
facebook messages and a lot a
countless things
now let's start with diego
we hope you start
online
the connection with the center has been
established successfully as you can see already
its viable
let's interact with yale I do not have
commands set to enter
everything but let's use it harvey
As you can see, he mentioned me
name very well working at 100% my
name is joan manuel but my carmen is
call 7 sectoral is good
I say joan manuel that now in 2055 as
you can see it's 20 and 55 very well
running at 100% now we're going to
ask the date
garmin very well ready to start the
chores
Now let's try searching
information and search looking for the
information
as you can see it has been a command
automatically to find information
file automatically information
information or com
jarvis look for water with chicken in mock
looking for rice like all red
and as you can see he has looked for something with
chicken
to change the tab
also eyelashes
following
go down
come down
good you can not believe they finally have
walked but it's not true what I'm
leaving the voice
searched enrique iglesias on youtube
looking for independence on youtube
well what I take command to take with
the lord directly
not so good that we say
that answer does not
zarautz are
seized minimize window for a while
joan manuel
harvey goodbye
serra the existing white joan manuel
were from youtube it's all all just
I wanted to show this as I said it was
created by jackson your channel is called
hit that I'm going to watch the video of the
description for you to go to your channel
and watch their videos and how auschwitz
creates it
well this was a new occasion and so
makes tutorials and we see ourselves as
verbal relationship